So if you're trying to access the Google key planner tool after the last lecture and you're seeing that
you are being brought through these steps here that's OK.
That's actually part of the new sign up process.
You used to be able to skip through these steps in the past and access the tools straightaway.
But it seems for a lot of countries now Google is forcing people through these steps.
In almost every country countries I've heard a number of students say this is what I want to really
show you in this lecture is how to go through these steps.
But essentially he won't be spending any money on a campaign.
And you're going to essentially counsel the campaign as soon as it's set up you will need to put in
some credit or debit card details.
But I want to show you know how you can really set it up so you're not going to spend any money.
We have to create a bit of an odd first and you get through to the second screen and it'll say your
bhajis here will be 10 Euros per day or something equivalent in your country and really you want to
change this to be as low as possible so he can put it as your budget being that's actually changed to
say one 10 cents a day.
And we also then want to go down here and says automatically set my bids to get the most clicks when
in my budget.
So no you want to say I want to set my bids and myself on you want to change this to as low as possible
seems like 10 percent is the lowest amount possible.
So what you've done is you change your budget to 10 cent which is going to give you zero clicks.
Obviously you're not going to win any bids with a 10 cent Bridge which is perfect.
So I don't want any clicks and no impressions that mean I'm going to spend money on my.
This is Tencent as well.
So it's really saving continue from there.
You will need in this building part to putting your credit card details.
But as you said we set it up so low that it is going to it's not going to there's going to be no bids
.
And so what we want to just do is agree there.
So once you're in here then you can highlight the campaign here.
This is always just set up when you can go remove So now you have no campaigns that you can come in
and access the till.
So you just set it up put the bids very low and then counselors and then you have full access to the
till